Adults are characterized by maturity, self-confidence, autonomy, solid decision-making, and are generally more practical, multi-tasking, purposeful, self-directed, experienced, and less open-minded and receptive to change. All these traits affect their motivation, as well as their ability to learn. So let’s see the adult learners' cognitive and social characteristics, and what instructional designers need to know in order to create the right course content and structure, and adjust their attitude.

成年人具有成熟、自信、自觉、自主决策的特点，通常也更注重实践、多任务并行、目的性强、自我引导、富有经验的特点，当然在思维上更倾向守旧，不愿意接受改变。所以这些特质会影响他们的学习动机以及学习能力。在本文中，我们要看一下成年人的认知和社会特征，以及教学设计者需要了解的其他信息，以便可以正确的方式为成年人创建合适的课程内容和体系，并改变他们的学习态度。
Adult Learners' Traits

成年人的特征

    Self-direction（自我导向的）
    Adults feel the need to take responsibility for their lives and decisions and this is why it’s important for them to have control over their learning. Therefore, self-assessment, a peer relationship with the instructor, multiple options and initial, yet subtle support are all imperative.
    成年人会觉得自己需要为自己的生活和决策行为负责，因此让成人掌控自己的学习非常重要。所以，自我评价、与教学者的关系、多种学习方式，提供基本而又委婉的指引也是非常重要的。
    
    Practical and results-oriented（实践和结果导向的）
    Adult learners are usually practical, resent theory, need information that can be immediately applicable to their professional needs, and generally prefer practical knowledge that will improve their skills, facilitate their work and boost their confidence. This is why it’s important to create a course that will cover their individual needs and have a more utilitarian content.
    成人学习者通常很实际，憎恨理论，期望可以立即解决问题，大体上更喜欢那些可以实践的知识，能够提高他们的技能，提高工作效率，增强自信心。所以创建一门能够满足成人个性化需求并且内容实用的课程就显得很重要。
    
    Less open-minded And therefore more resistant to change.（思想保守，抵制改变）
    Maturity and profound life experiences usually lead to rigidity, which is the enemy of learning. Thus, instructional designers need to provide the “why” behind the change, new concepts that can be linked to already established ones, and promote the need to explore.
    成熟和深刻的人生经历通常导致思想的僵化和固定，而这往往是学习新知识的敌人。因此，教学设计师需要在传授新知的同时提供内在的原理，新的知识要和成人已有的知识建立关联，以让成年人有去探索的需求和欲望。
    
    Slower learning, yet more integrative knowledge（学习进度慢，知识交互性强）
    Aging does affect learning. Adults tend to learn less rapidly with age. However, the depth of learning tends to increase over time, navigating knowledge and skills to unprecedented personal levels.
    年龄的增长会影响到学习效果。成年人随着年纪的增大学的越来越慢。然而，学习的深度会不断加深，对知识和技能的应用会到达个人前所未有的水平。
    
    
    Use personal experience as a resource（使用个人经验作为资源）
    Adults have lived longer, seen and done more, have the tendency to link their past experiences to anything new and validate new concepts based on prior learning. This is why it’s crucial to form a class with adults that have similar life experience levels, encourage discussion and sharing, and generally create a learning community consisting of people who can profoundly interact.
    成年人活得更长，看到的更广，做的更多，往往倾向于将他们过去经验投射到任何新事物上，并通过以前的学习经历验证新的概念。组建一个拥有相似经历，鼓励讨论和分享的班级就显得很重要，以此同时，创建一个由积极的交互者组成的学习社区的也显得很重要。
    
    Motivation（动机）
    Learning in adulthood is usually voluntary. Thus, it’s a personal choice to attend school, in order to improve job skills and achieve professional growth. This motivation is the driving force behind learning and this is why it’s crucial to tap into a learner’s intrinsic impetus with the right thought-provoking material that will question conventional wisdom and stimulate his mind.
    成人的学习往往都是志愿的。所以，参与学习是个人的选择，为了提高工作技能和完成职业成长。这种动机就是成人学习背后的动力，用正确的学习资源去激发学习者的内在动力就显得很关键。
    
    Multi-level responsibilities（多重责任）
    Adult learners have a lot to juggle; family, friends, work, and the need for personal quality time. This is why it’s more difficult for an adult to make room for learning, while it’s absolutely crucial to prioritize. If his life is already demanding, then the learning outcome will be compromised. Taking that under consideration, an instructional designer needs to create a flexible program, accommodate busy schedules, and accept the fact that personal obligations might obstruct the learning process.
    成人学习者有很多事物要处理：家庭，朋友，工作，还有个人空间的需求。所以说要想一个成年人有更多时间抽出来学习是很困难的，虽然老师们还是期望学员们以学习为先。如果成人的生活已经被排满日程，那么将大大影响学习结果。所以将这些因素考虑进来，一个课程设计师需要有灵活的课程设计，以适应成人繁忙的时间表，并接受这样一个事实，即成年人的个人职责可能会阻碍学习过程。


    High expectations（高期望）
    Adult learners have high expectations. They want to be taught about things that will be useful to their work, expect to have immediate results, seek for a course that will worth their while and not be a waste of their time or money. This is why it’s important to create a course that will maximize their advantages, meet their individual needs and address all the learning challenges.
    成人学习者有很高的期望。他们希望被教导的事情对将来的工作是有用的，希望有立即的反馈，学习能够物有所值而不浪费他们的时间和金钱。这就是为什么要创造一个能使他们的优势最大化，满足他们的个性化需求和处理所有学习挑战的课程是非常重要的。

What other characteristics of adult learners would you like to add?
还有哪些成人学习者的特征你想要添加的呢？欢迎在下方的评论框里评价哦。
